'Let’s go sightseeing~'
London!
'Go!'
The girls have a free time in the last day
‘What, what is that?’
‘HeeJin is so famous for bread-holic!’
‘Do you want to eat some bread?’
‘But we’ll have to do some additional filming when we go back to korea’
Finally LOOΠΔ’s free time is almost over. It's time to go back to Korea!
‘We’re going back to Korea’
‘after finished all schedules in London & Iceland~’
‘I missed Korea~’
‘It was really difficult and so cold,'
‘but I think it’ll be a very precious memory for us. We’ll never forget’
‘We made a lot of videos for fans in London and Iceland’
‘I’m sure you also want to see the fourth member of LOOΠΔ, right?’
Please look forward to next LOOΠΔ TV! We’ll back again with a new member!
'Thank you~ Please stay tuned until we back!’